# SD_Project
MSC in Software Development Project at the University of Glasgow 2021. 
GUID: 2591168o


The two honeypots will be given the labels (A) and (B) to easily differentiate between them for the rest of the report. Honeypot(A) imitates a vulnerable IoT device with no security features implemented, whereas Honeypot(B) emulates one that has security features implemented.

A common vulnerability of IoT devices is that they use easy to guess or factory default passwords which are widely available, therefore the design decision was taken that Honeypot(A) will accept any username password combinations input by the client. This design decision was also taken because it will enable the honeypot to generate a higher volume of useful data if it accepts connections from all clients. Honeypot(B) should implement a security feature to enforce secure authentication, therefore following on from the work of Heiding et al. [10] the fail2ban feature should be enabled on this honeypot which by default blocks an IP from connecting after 3 unsuccessful log-in attempts. These design decisions apply solely to the SSH service because Telnet by default does not require a username and password. A software solution will be required to emulate the SSH service and log interaction on Honeypot(A) while Honeypot(B) can use the SSH service and log file generated by fail2ban. Furthermore, Honeypot(B) should also implement the GeoIP security feature for banning IP addresses which conduct malicious behaviour, which by definition is any interaction that takes place with a honeypot. This security feature is also included in the design to help mitigate against DOS attacks which are prevalent in IOT.